To open your course on your
ADAPT authoring tool dashboard.
Select the gearwheel icon labeled
click to edit and select edit from the options.
Select the add page button
in the course structure menu.
This will add page to the course structure.
To change the title of the page:
on the page card,
select the gearwheel button labeled
click to edit and choose edit from the options.
In the field labeled title,
enter a new page title.
Select the green button labeled
save located at the top left
of the screen in the sidebar.
When you select the save button,
Adapt will automatically save
your page title and take you
back to the course structure menu.